How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The bug is normally there where I have changed something. By comparing to
	files I can see this easily.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    When I notice the solution from 2 versions ago was better, I can easy
	implement that back again without losing my other progress.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    - I must decide when it is a good time to do a commit
	+ I have a useful subdivison
	- There are no useless commits
	+ I can comment my commit and write down what is working in this version

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	In Google Docs I write a document or create an presentation where I have only
	one file to save, in coding it is often necessary to do changes in multiple
	files and I want to commit them all and not every file by itself.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With git log I can see a short a description about what was changed in that
	commit. With git diff it is easy to see which lines I changed between two 
	different commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If I break something in the new version, I can simply checkout the last
	version and work with that or I can compare the version where the bug first
	appears with the one before and find how that bug was introduced. I am always
	on the safe side.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use Git for my future coding projects. At next I want to learn 
	developing Android Apps, so at a high percentage I will use Git for my first
	Android App.